how do you even get started on something
like hamstring flexibility well there's
only two things you have to worry about
number one nerve tension and number two
maximum range possible basically your
nerves are like pieces of yarn that run
from your skull all the way down to the
ends of your toes try getting that image
out of your head and they don't want you
to get injured so they stop you from
stretching so step one tell them it's
going to be okay they're there just
kidding start with elephant walks like
this oh the sing every time you bend one
knee the other is going to feel tingles
sometimes all the way down to your toes
and step two any hamstring stretch hold
it for a full 30 second if you did that
you basically slapped your nervous
system on the wrist and you told it to
stop stopping me then you practiced a
stretch beyond what your body normally
allows and your nervous system went like
oh this is actually safe anyway if
that's too much to remember I made a
free ebook just click the link in my bio
and I'll get it to you and then one day
instead of just touching your toes maybe
you'll go elbow to toe stay flexy